# REU-2021
Project: Social Media Analysis of High-Net-Worth Individuals 
By: Piper Hasenberg, University of West Florida
REU Advisor: Dr. Mihhail Berezovski, Embry Riddle Aeronautical University

Abstract:
  Social media has grown exponentially over the past few years. While social media has a wide array of user bases, it is important to distinguish between the types of platforms and the demographics of each specific user base. This research will explore social networks, media-sharing networks, a discussion forum, and a blogging/publishing platform. The age distribution and household income distribution for nine platforms will be compared to see which platforms are being used most often by individuals of all ages, and incomes. The income distribution will be compared to the distribution of net worth for a group of high-net-worth individuals. Very little research has been done on this topic previously. This research is important because as society uses social media more and more, it is important to see what demographics are using specific social media platforms in order to appropriately target certain audiences. Over the course of this research project, it was found that almost all of the following nine social media platforms had the majority of their user bases between the ages of 19 years old and 36 years old. It was also found that seven of the nine platforms had the majority of users earning a household income between $65,000 and $75,000. These two findings are significant because they show that the demographics of these platforms are much lower than a high-net-worth individual’s demographics. 
